‎Lovingly Jehovah
‎Made provision through his Son
‎For our sins to be forgiven
‎And for death to be undone.
‎If we truly are repentant,
‎His forgiveness we can claim
‎On the basis of Christ’s ransom,
‎Asking pardon in his name.
‎We receive such mercy
‎When we act like God above
‎And forgive each other freely,
‎Showing empathy and love.
‎Putting up with one another,
‎Putting hurtfulness away;
‎Showing honor to our brother,
‎Showing love’s surpassing way.
‎Mercy is a virtue
‎That we all should cultivate.
‎It will keep us from resentment,
‎From the bitterness of hate.
‎When we imitate Jehovah,
‎Who is unsurpassed in love,
‎We will truly be forgiving;
‎We will be like God above.